hello how are we in a new video and
today we are going to learn to be nose 180
good first before throwing the
980 we're going to have to have learned
previously the facebook and the roll back
since two tricks are given I do two parts
of the trick that will help us a lot
if we have it already mastered this trick
It will be easier than normal since 180
we will have to lift only the
rear wheel and the front will stay
stuck to the ground as well as if you want
throw we're going to throw the normal 180
start first by this trick n
you will only have to lift the wheel
back so you do not have that
normal feeling you can see the
bunny and control is a bit effective
back the 980 we can do it for the
right or to the left to know
the side that we see it we must
look if we have the left pedal
in front we must do it to the right
and we have the right pedal in front of it
we must do to the left the
movement will be simple let's go with
middle university as a body outlet
the waist forward is in the part
of the handlebar pushing a bit with the
hands up so he gets up
the rear wheel and as soon as we lift
we will push your body to the
left of the right depends where
let's pull so that the
back wheel let's make the turn
let us do the ceic and quickly
pedal to be the rondo when turning the
rear wheel
we should try to lift it as much as possible
possible and that it falls smoothly since
if we make a quick pull to turn
fast but we do not get up
is going to hit us and surely
will start some radio because the blow
can be very very strong is the side of
the wheels and then I'm going to
leave several clips so you can see the
waist movement that I do as
he lifted the wheel and as if casually
not affect without any wheel radius
rear
it's okay
here
take
and until today's tutorial I hope
that has helped you if you have
some doubt you can leave it in the
facebook youtube comments that
I will leave you in the description too
before they will make the description our
online store you can find me
our products and spare parts
your mx and nothing we see the next
goodbye video
ah